The plot is risible. The action worse. The wait for lady Bond continues.
who endure arduous fight scenes in a doomed effort to lend the flimsy plot some plausibility. This witless and soulless thriller squanders a formidable cast It's very disappointing when a movie with great talent in front and behind the camera ends up being underwhelming.This movie seemed promising to me from its trailers, so I was quite surprised about how I felt after watching it. While there is a lot of good hidden somewhere under the surface, here's why I feel this absolutely misses the mark and why I just can't recommend it to anyone. after a plane crash killed her entire family, she discovers that it was a planned event and seeks out a man that will help her track down the criminals responsible. While that premise can lend itself to a very exciting film an example of how you can also completely miss the mark. Focussing too heavily on being dramatic and character-driven, this movie feels like an eternity to sit through. The pacing is horrible and the main character, even though well-performed by is just plain boring. This is the type of character that can win you an Oscar if written well enough, but everything about this movie felt under-developed.  After the first act, The problem is that the film itself is so convoluted that it becomes questionable as to how she even knows where to go in order to find him. On top of that, there's a character by the name of who's introduced about an hour or so into the film, who feels like a character that has come from nowhere. All of a sudden, he's now pivotal to the story, with little to no development whatsoever. I found this to be very annoying and made no sense in context with the rest of the movie. It was clear that this character should've been a presence from the beginning of the movie I actually believe the direction here was pretty solid, due to the great performances she pulled out of these performers, but it really came down to the screenplay for me. This movie is a prime example of needing more than one writer. who also penned the novel that this film an adaptation of, it almost feels counterproductive when you make a movie and have the same writer choose what elements will translate best. Sometimes a novel just doesn't translate directly to the screen and this movie truly does feel like you're slowly reading a novel, which was a real shame. begins with promise but ultimately goes nowhere in terms of providing a satisfying experience for its audience. I found myself wanting to care about who she was going after, but the movie was too bogged down in being overly dramatic. Even in moments of action, it just had a very slow feel to it. were really good in the movie and it was well-directed for the most part, but wow was it ever boring, uneventful, and sloppily put together. I feel like an entirely different film could've been made from this exact same storyline. go wrong, besides its clunky title (it's a reference to different parts of the body working together like an orchestra so…. yeah). I think it's because the movie, based on a book  stuck in a tonal middle ground between spy escapism and spy realism, and it doesn't quite work. The movie is filmed with the herky-jerky docu-drama camera movements which when done well creates a visceral sense of immersion, but here it just creates an unstable atmosphere that makes it hard to settle on what is important. The story whose family died in an airplane crash that may have been a terrorist bombing. She is trained by former and then sets off on a messy path of vengeance tracking down the suspected perpetrators. actually really terrible and it makes for an amusing, and confusing, batch of run-ins is drained of all excitement. It's so suffocating and dreary. The characters aren't well developed or even given memorable personalities. once she is set off on her mission, fails to grow as a character or, really, as an assassin. It makes the entire movie feel hard to engage with emotionally or intellectually. There are some interesting moments of combat or suspense but nothing that carries over into a sustained sequence. A car chase shot entirely should be exciting, but it just felt underdeveloped. The plot is packed with needless flashbacks and obtuse to the point I had to read a t's not fun spy hi-jinks with interesting characters to draw our appeal, and it's not really a twisty that's dense in its plotting, character ambiguities, and the realities of actual spycraft. It's just not an invigorating mystery with blandly developed action and suspense sequences, when you can make out what's going on, and very minimal characterization. It's a thoroughly mediocre bore. Nate's Grade: C Really slow start, good cast, good acting but not strong enough to plug the holes in the storyline. Probably deserves more than 3 stars but doesn't quite get there. we've been waiting for but bad acting, a terrible plot and mediocre action scenes ruin whatever chance it had. It's nothing worth spending time on in fact. It looked very promising in the trailer but unfortunately turned out to be no good at all. The idea is solid, the execution is not has failed miserably. This is no different. The first 30 minutes played out like a low budget soap opera. Such a shame I've seen better action in a bag of frogs. Total dung. If this were an actual rhythm section the drummer would have no limbs and the bass player would be deaf. exquisite performance can't save this predictable and overall boring thriller. is a dull action thriller that wastes a great lead performance delivers a great performance here The story wasn’t very captivating. I think the problem was the pacing. The film moves as a languid pace. It’s slow and boring, especially in the beginning. Some of the action scenes were okay, but nowhere near the quality needed to redeem the film. The story becomes over convoluted towards the end and you just don’t care. You can also tell where the film is going from a mile away. Also, the film couldn’t decide whether it wanted to be a fun action movie or a dark and sobering dramatic thriller. It creates an awkward tone. Overall, I really didn’t deserves way better than she got. There’s a lot wrong with the film, and it had a lot of potential to be better. might have done a runner half way through, sensing a flop, but sadly he turns up at the end for the predictable reunion. Money should have been spent on stockpiling medical supplies. As if self-isolating wasn't bad enough I tortured myself for an hour and 40 minutes with this appalling excuse for a film is a weak spy action thriller that is stunningly and incompetently spiritless. The extreme lack of communication between the young couple. Very little dialogue not much of a story story I would’ve liked to of known exactly what the letter said I really like the story between the mom and the old boyfriend just very slow moving and didn’t seem as realistic to me stumbles over quite a few hurdles that keep it from being as good as it should be. Starting with the positives, the performances actually pretty good and convincing. I can also say that while the writing wasnt always top notch, the dialogue was actually pretty good and the cinematography gave the film a claustrophobic feel that increased the intensity of the more tense scenes. Something that I can honestly appreciate. However, that unfortunately are where the positives end. The biggest issue with the film itself is who is a terrible assassin. In real life, she would be easily caught as she is careless, clumsy, sloppy, leaves finger prints everywhere, and very rarely actually does what she sets out to do. Another issue the film has its that a majority of the the movie feels like just filler to fill up the runtime. At least 60% of the movie is filler while the other 40% actually feels necessary for the plot, which is something a movie should never have. And finally, the writing outside of the dialogue is forced and at times irritating. But overall, meh is the perfect word to describe as it is not a film you need to rush out and see in theaters. Its a rental at best. Not a terrible movie - my wife and I liked that it’s realistic, she isn’t portrayed as an invincible super hero, but a normal human who tries very hard to overcome her circumstances The movie started out a little slow but I really liked how this ordinary woman slowly and methodically transforms into this non-super but very effective hit woman who dishes out due justice. I hope there is a sequel with her honing her skills. I’m going to give you an equation. The equation is like the movie. You go in realizing there’s a problem. The equation is A+B=C. Everything in this equation is an unknown to you in the beginning, but as the story unfolds it starts to reveal what A is and then you find out what C is and then eventually you get what B is. Equations make sense. They are logical. In this instance and with this movie, the portrayal of that logic doesn’t really work. Well, at least not a logic that I liked, or even wanted to. The trailer to this film was very intriguing and I was really looking forward to seeing this movie. I was slightly, no, I’ll say, mostly disappointed. Without giving too much away, there were just things in this story that were disconnected and off. I believed in the character and I believed in her purpose. It was how she got there that I kept getting stuck on. The “B” in the problem solving just didn’t fly. It wasn’t smooth at all. I found myself rolling my eyes. Like, come on. This is kinda stupid. Okay, the acting was decent; although, I’ve never been a big fan of He seems very cookie cutter in his roles and you get the right dose of the same thing in just about every movie he does. He didn’t improve here, sadly was ambitious and she did well - with what she was given. The cinematography was well done and somewhat creative here and there. The script was just lacking a lot and the pace was uhh hmm, it was just weird. The movie started out pretty good and then it kind of unraveled and didn’t really piece itself together very well. I will say there were scenes that were exciting and the action was good enough for some redemption, but if you’re wanting this one to be worthy of something special, you are going to be disappointed. tries to give a performance here, its completely overschadowed by its messy script, going from one contrived scene after another, filled with vague dialogue, unfocused action and a rather lame villain. Slow and seriously needed suspension of disbelief. Just couldn’t keep my interest, bland storytelling, music did not fit any of the scenes. Thought it would be way better from the trailer but just wait until it comes out in Redbox. Unfortunately this movie was released during a time of triumphs in cinema. It falls short on several levels but there are a few reasons to watch. The acting is par for a good film and the story rolls along but it lacks panache of truly spectacular assassin story.Nope. The concept of revenge-due-to-a-terrorism-attack is an OK basis, but the storytelling is poor, especially the pacing. And I just don't care about a single character. The music is odd too, dreary with snippets of upbeat inappropriately placed. did a fantastic acting job, but couldn't save this slow movie from itself. The script and Directing just had its issues. It was just too bland. I was a bit disappointed because the trailer had been played for a while and the song was catchy. It just didn't deliver and fell flat. There are several great scenes in this movie. Just wait for it to stream on the general streaming services. No character development . It was too difficult to follow. The storyline was not clear. PLEASE do NOT go this movie if you want to "watch" it. The cinematography is awful, unless you like a fast roller coaster, spinning and twisting and not being able to see what's right in front of you. In addition, the close-ups are way overdone and the "flashbacks" are drawn out to an eternity. The movie should be done with a fixed camera and on a one hour made-for-TV show. Aside from this, the story line is fine but there are too many flaws in character development and story line to elaborate.Little slow, but strong ending and fairly good action. Had difficulty understanding the choice of music for select scenes - not something I usually notice, but it was so odd that it caught my attention and not in a good way. Minimal action scenes. Plot was too long. The movie was slow. This movie just about what I expected it to be, not good, but not bad. The score just doesn't work as none of the music seems to fit with the scenes, which is odd because Nothing about this movie really worked for me and in my opinion, it's pretty forgettable. It was only 90 mins but it dragged on. I have never been so bored at a movie. It seemed like all the action scenes were in the trailer. Super slow and no payoff. Best part was the song at the end (because that meant it was over) but also because its a good song. This was just an ok movie. The premise of the move is a little shaky but there was some decent acting that saved it. You can wait for the DVD or streaming service to get the movie. It was a difficult story line to follow. I did not catch up until half way through the film. I was watching attentively but never understood how she encountered so many helpers and enemies. I would not recommend this film to anyone. Very superficial, bad wigs and no character development The plot just wasn’t all there. It’s a revenge movie but the act she’s revenging wasn’t even a personal attack. And in the act of seeking out revenge, innocent children get hurt. Not great. But still love Convoluted, confusing and a bit far fetched.
 The performances were good, despite a confusing plot.
You can tell this movie holds itself in really high regard, it delivers every line as if it was a stroke of genius. It’s like someone who thinks they’re writing a classical masterpiece but they’re actually insane clown posse. The best parts of the movie were the set pieces it was shot in. Some of the action sequences were fine.slow but good it has potential
It was slow and ending was weird, lost interest.exactly what it purports to be, a story about a woman who decides to seek revenge for her husband's death. There's neither exciting dialogue, nor captivating scenery, allowing the viewer to be drawn into the movie without distraction. I liked the simplicity of the movie - there was a stated goal, and the tasks necessary to accomplish that goal are the highlights of the film.Terrible... Slow moving and poor acting equals a movie that I actually thought about getting up and leaving. The story line was predictable and hard to follow. The main character was not like able and or believable. A huge waste of time. A total pass.
I didn’t like this movie. Read it’s gonna loose a bunch of money.
I found this movie very slow and hard to connect with. the charters were 1 dimensional and flat... they did not tell enough background about them to actually connect. I was not a fan of the movie score either..... Great actors... but it does not show in this film A movie that really starts maybe 20-30 minutes in and never quite determined on what it seeks to be. It's got one good long take and the rest consists of mediocre dialogue and acting, when it is not showing pretty senseless and unemotional montages. A much as I liked the stars in the movie I found it slow sad & depressing!
in a rather confusing story about revenge If I could give this 1/2 a star .... I left the theater before it even ended. The story plot started off interesting UNTIL about 25 minutes in and then it went completely down the toilet.Not bad but not great either. Slow beginning. The entire story line is really far fetched. I would have preferred to have watched this at home paying a few dollars as a rental instead of 30. Passed the time on a Saturday night. The movie theater popcorn was great.
Couldn’t warm up to any character in the movie, except “B.”
Way too convoluted and slow This movie is horrible. It is all ove4 the place. Not easy to follow. I want my money back!! She is normally a pretty lady but is hideous in this movie with a butch haircut. On top of it AMC is out of caramel and cheese popcorn LOL!! This movie could have been so much more! Instead of the thrilling tale of an average Brit turning to spycraft, we get the female Mr. Bean failing to accomplish the simplest of tasks. Loved the premise; I love revenge flicks. It just didn’t get my heart pounding like I wanted. But it was more realistic than having a montage where she becomes some elite spy I did not like this movie. Confusing plot, boring characters.
Story line not very original or interesting. Screen play disjointed. Cinematography not very good. Three stars for A rather non-exciting movie, not much real action. Blah. Poor acting performance Boring, dont waste your money or time It was ok, nothing like the movie trailer.
The people were hard to understand most of the time. The story line was unbelievable and not easy to follow! Wasted time and money! Would not recommend it! certainly does that, with something we've already seen plenty of times with an entire first act that is difficult to sit through and manages to wear you out before the film finds it's stride a young woman who's life is thrown into the gutter after her family dies in a plane explosion. When she's recruited out of nowhere to take down the terror cell responsible, she has to transform herself from a drug addicted prostitute into an international killing machine. The problem here is the pacing. For the first half hour of the movie, we're still trying to figure out where all of this misery is headed and by the time can't push this bad character into a place where we can actually care what happens to her and really there were other times when I was just bored. If I have to pick out some bright spots, director Dull. Lost interest about a quarter way through. Acting ok in the form of an emotional ivy league drop out. I think it was executed well, fights were very realistic and emotions were well done but it was just too slow. Long, very long scenes one after another of her just sitting and being miserable or thinking or whatever. Half way through the movie I stopped caring about her emotions because they were old news but I was forced to still deal with them in these long slow scenes. My first mistake is that I didnt check the reviews before I saw the movie. This movie was very slow paced and took a long time to build up to the climax.watch the main character get her ass kicked throughout the entire movie. Story was bad. I cant believe I stayed to watch the whole thing. I guess I expected it to get better. Giving it half star is more than it deserves. But you wouldnt let me give it no stars
Full of action but not believable. A bit over the top. Kind of movie I'd rather rent for $5 from home. Also the facility in Rochester needs some updates. story line was slow. Sadly, this movie was poorly casted in every way. If it wasn't for the stadium seating, I would have left early. Over the years, I've liked but boy, was this a miss. You cannot play an assassin or bad ass. It's just not in your acting style. Incredibly unbelievable EXTREMELY SLOW. Not believable. Not as painful next time, gently decline this type of roll and save the audience from a snoozefest. So many negative this to say. I left the theater wondering. It was unrealistic and her role was awful. Confusing! Excruciatingly slow start. Then felt like a B movie. There may have been major gaps in the plot. By the time there was a semblance of plot, I didn't care anymore. Ridiculous plot. Couldn't stand it so I left early. in a serious, meaty role with an upcoming director, in a genre that's crying out for new perspectives - but the problem with it is that you've pretty much seen it all before. Compared to something there's something much different going on, but it's not helped by the lack of flow to it and the humdrum script and plot. It's a shame s trying her hardest to make it work and script and plotting is far too clumsy and clunky to be helped, and doesn't always hit the mark where it should. Still, how handles the action is fascinating and how plays it is rich and authentic. There are no big, sweeping action setpieces and the fight sequences are messy, bloody affairs and done with little flourish - but that helps to make it all the more convincing. The supporting cast, made up of the likes of show and she's more than capable of carrying the story. Sadly, that story's a little bit too hokey and flat for it to be anything other than just OK. The female-assassin trope is well-trodden, and in recent years, the likes has that behind and in front of the camera, but on the page and in the script, it's kind of a let down. has that behind and in front of the camera, but on the page and in the script, it's kind of a let down. Movie was very slow, no action.
 This movie fucking sucks. The acting the theme everything about it suckedddddddd! It was a waste of money man Boring....worst movie I've seen in a long time. One of the worts movie ever. Couldn’t wait to finish, boring, bad acting and plot. It is a waist of time and money Very slow hard to follow Seemed to drag on in spots. Overall, not too bad. messes up a lot, which one would do coming late to the assassin game just barely makes due, which is perfect. But as someone who has nothing to lose, she ultimately becomes a (meek) force to be reckoned with. I would like to see more of Very slow. You never had a chance to build a connection and have sympathy for the main character. It all felt very forced. Extremely S L O W ... The only good parts are in the preview. Very disappointing, as we were looking forward to this one. Way to slow and confusing in the beginning I found the storyline hard to follow and very unrealistic! Wish I’d waited to see it on Netflix! Don’t recommend! There were scenes in both in which the director dwells for entirely too long on the character's face in an attempt demonstrate her emotional state. After two minutes of watching her look at the photos of the dead passengers on a wall, I wanted to scream "Okay I get it, she's sad, now move on with the story" The spent on these long scenes could have been spent on filling in the gaps of the story. Such as, why was she not on the airplane with her family. Why did she keep reflecting on her mother? Why did the rich guy fund the terrorist? Why was the rich guy employing hookers when he had a 9 and 11 year old living with him? Where was his wife? Why were the kids in the SUV? So many more questions. It was completely improbable that in 8 months a woman would go from being an Oxford student, to drug addicted hooker, to trained assassin. So many question. If your expectations are low, go see the movie. Otherwise wait for the video and watch it at home. Some scenes are entertaining but i found most of the movie rather boring and the main character makes strange decisions which makes it difficult for you to support her. Had potential but ultimately flopped The filming sucked.A film about an assassin where you would lease expect to find one. The story would have worked on other levels but how she gets from one point in her life to the next falls very flat. A reporter telling a prostitute it was a bomb that blew up the plane with her family on it and now boom an assassin. Having read other reviews, I was prepared for the pace which was slower than the trailer promised. That being said, I enjoyed this movie and found the pace realistic, and not at all plodding or painful as many have described. Expectations have a huge impact, and the trailer does a disservice to the movie by skewing the audiences expectations. The action is great. It’s just not the entire film. I was glad I was encouraged to go in spite of the reviews. Though, I’m also glad they tempered my expectations. Camera action too choppy. Relies too much on music to set the tone and its over the top. Early stages of movie, the set-up was nonsensical. Left a lot to be desired... very disappointed
 Too much of the same thing and not a much of a plot line. did not transition smoothly from one scene to another. The movie put the star in unrealistic situations for which the viewer could not imagine Very slow moving and didnt much action. It was nothing new, revenge themed movie.
I expected it to be horrible from all the press, it wasn't. It won't change your life, but it's fine. Tried to be too artsy, camera work was over the top, but Blake played a great crackhead, Law is always good. Overall, it's ok. this was the worst movie I have see in some time It really didn't make sense would not tell anyone to go see it go for the matinee movie times. Enjoy some popcorn and a soda. If they do decide for a sequel....I doubt it with the current box office receipts To call this movie a pile of crap, is an insult to a pile of crap Entertaining- the car chase scene was great, but way too many plot holes. This woman is the worst assassin in the world- Inspector Clouseau clumsiness.It's not a bad movie but as soon as it starts it's all just too familiar. I mean we've seen this film so many times so you ask yourself what new stuff is this going to bring to the table. The answer, nothing really is solid as always and does amazingly with what little she's handed. But she's really the only positive thing besides a few immersive action setpieces and some intriguing cinematography. The movie feels jumbled and a bit confusing and never really finds it's way. Its supposed to be a hyper realistic revenge tale but as it moves from scene to scene the plot looses focus and it's hard to know what the actual guiding direction is. At the base it's about a young woman whose family is killed on a flight because of a terrorist attack. She of course stupidly becomes a prostitute and drug addict even though she's top of her class at a prestigious college. She's contacted by someone investigating the incident which leads her to become an assassin and trains with a dominant and looks like garbage in the movie and intentionally so but it feels a bit frustrating at times and the movie feels a tad bit uncomfortable and misogynistic at certain moments. All in all it's a bit confused but is decently entertaining. Despite some pacing issues the action sequences are engaging and the last one on a bus is edge of your seat. Overall it's all just overly mediocre. Not sure why this is getting such poor reviews. I saw it tonight and really enjoyed it. It's not supposed to be a high-flying action movie. It's a good spy/assassin movie with just the right pace. It's not the best spy/assassin movie I've ever seen...but it was definitely watchable. 3.5 stars It was terrible. Could not understand who was who. We left before it was over. The writing is lazy - major plot points are reached without any real buildup and stiff characters are difficult to root for. Save for a few stylish action sequences, there is very little here to garner a viewing. Tries to be a whirlwind, globetrotting thriller; instead, its paced really slow, the different cities aren't showcased, and the action sequences feel lacking and aren't enough to make the viewer recover from a bored stupor. Meh. It was meh. A really bland story on top of a story. The Movie was all over the place. A few good scenes here and there. Not exactly great acting, and slow .. Previews looked. Great , but movie disappointsBrutal acting was inaudible n her fake British accent was awful not to mention the ludicrous n unbelievably bad story lines. This movie had no It hasn't gotten any better. Now she is making an attempt to climb out from under her good looks and the result is even worse. She can't act, and in this movie she looks like hell. The action scenes aren't well done and you will get the old familiar trope of the 105 lb woman beating up numerous well trained bad guys twice her size. You are better off just binge watching A reasonably enjoyable thriller. Don't see what all the negative fuss is about. Best movie ever? No, but a good time at the movies. Stupid, dumb, and just a completely forgettable mess. The most boring movie Ive ever seen. Way to slow and the back story fell hard. Complete garbage walk out, to predictable Difficult to follow. Acting was fine. handles a gruesome role with excellent command, overall a bit of a cookie-cutter revenge story. Was nothing what I was expected just not enough action in slow slow starter! preview shows all you need to know Movie was so-so....Acting was good, but the story a little far-fetched. It was just ok Please please please!!!! Don’t waste your time and money!!! All the scenario should be inserted in 15 min short movie. A lot of bullshit, not interesting dialogues, very weak play and no punch line. I barely sat for 30 min. Or unless you have really NOTHING to be done, than go lol. intentionally downplays her appearance to give herself acting cred but its so distracting that all I can think about is how she's trying to not be the pretty girl, instead of focusing on her performance. I guess the title was supposed to play into the teaching style character. They really breezed over that detail though. definitely needed better writing. Disappointing. Barely any action and the story is meh. The 2nd half, though, falls apart. The plot is artificial and increasingly unbelievable. None of the 'bad guys' are particularly memorable, nor is there much in the way of suspense, thrills or chills. We spend as much time looking at a variety of new hair styles as we do wrestling an almost non-existent mystery. Disappointing I expected better. did a great job portraying her character but movie moved too slowly. It was a interesting story but dragged from time to time. must fit seamlessly This one didn’t ie: how did she get in those bad guys houses? What’s with the swimming across the lake with a rucksack when she didn’t know how to swim? It was slow moving and very boring for an action thriller. Thought it would be much more suspenseful. No suspense. Not even worth renting. Will likely connect best with fans of the series and those absolutely desperate for self isolation entertainment. I could watch the infamous McKay-helmed Ferrell short The Landlord on a loop for 93 minutes and laugh myself into hypoxia, as opposed to the nap Impractical Jokers left me craving. Not enough originality in the content which was presented in the most amateurish manner, but hey my wife loved the humor. A fan of the show. The movie, was horrible. I feel like I got pranked watching this movie Love the tv show. Terrible movie. I wanted a lot of skits but instead I received a bad movie. Just awful, terrible acting and nothing like the real show. It really feels like everything is staged. Those are 90 minutes I'm never getting back. Love these guys and the show, but this was TERRIBLE. The writing and acting was disturbingly bad. The Jokers made the amateur mistake of trying to act "funny" in the nauseating scripted segments (over-act/funny faces/bug eyes etc...). The show has been great but is also wearing thin after so many seasons and unfortunately, despite how much I love the four guys, they dont seem to have much range because this movie and that terrible game show (Misery Index) are unwatchably bad. I think only delusionally fanatical fans of the show will enjoy this stinker of a "movie".The only good thing about it, I know I will never sit through a movie as bad as this one again. It's sad because Im such a huge fan of the show, since the beginning, and have seen every episode. It's disheartening to watch them plunge so bad. The movie produced very few giggles. I don't even think they are trying anymore. Literally feels like they think they fart rainbows. It makes me never want to watch their show again. It isn't them just doing funny challenges. They actually tried to make a story that was so bad! Their acting is so bad... It bleeds through that everything is on a whim.. I want to scream at them like plan a little bit, rehearse a little bit! They think I want to watch grown men act like silly kids and I don't. I'm glad you guys are making money goofing off with your friends... Like earn it. Think of things that will be funny to say... If it's not funny, don't put it in. You know that it isn't funny... Specially for the money I spent to get some laughs through the quarantine... Jokes on me. BTW, did I mention that it was horrible! Literally everything I've ever seen in my life was better than this. They are on a constant marathon on TV and the biggest star in the movie  and even she ranks on them... in their movie! Lastly, it was a total waste of time and money and a total disgrace to comedy. They should be ashamed of themselves, give me an apology and a refund. It was so bad! back to back. I'm trying to think how it could have been improved but no, this type of entertainment just doesn't make a good movie. Great movie and I really had a blast in there. Dont recommend the movie if you dont watch the show however. The plot was kinda stupid as well. The first challenge and everything before that sucked and got me feelin pessimistic about the rest but the second challenge and everything after that was great. Had me laughing up the whole theater as if I were some kinda stoned heckler lol. Pure Trash. Avoid this As a fan of the TV show I have to say this movie was very disappointing. I appreciate the originality to try and do something different and i preferred the 'story's rather than the actual challenges. The challenges were quite boring and lacked humor but the 4 guys looked like they had a great time making the movie which you have to watch if your a Tenderloins fan, just set your expectations low I was greatly disappointed because I love the TV show and these guys are hilarious on the TV show but the movie was boring and not funny. So my advice to them is not to quit their day job. After the movie, I was sad and crying because of how painful it was to watch the movie. As movie actors, they make great TV actors. The best part was the rolling of the credits because you knew it was the end of a tragedy. But don't count these guys out. Watch their TV show it's wonderful. The TV show Impractical Jokers is hilarious and the guys are great on it. Don't watch the movie without a box of Kleenex and a bottle of Advil, the pain is worse than childbirth.  love you guys so much - I was hoping for so much more. You as you all are together, without trying to pull in a plot would have been such a great thing to sit down to tonight. I had planned to see this in theaters but as we are going into our 4th week of quarantine and I was looking for some laughs so I paid full price to buy the movie. I can watch your shows over and over and get a good belly laugh - this was the first movie I bought since all the craziness hit here and was hoping for a reprieve, it just fell so short. I can't wait to see the next season of Impractical Jokes and all the laughs you guys bring. Forever a fan. The movie is terrible in so many ways. I wish I could get back the 90 mins wasted. I can see the want to tie the pranks together into some cohesive narration, but the scripted segments felt needless and were extremely unfunny; seriously dragging down the experience. There are a few really funny moments in some of the pranks but the consistency of the humor wanes quite a bit. If you're a fan of the show I can see you liking this a lot, as these are some of the better pranks these guys have pulled off and I'm sure the segmented bits are drenched with inside jokes for the fans. For those unfamiliar or generally uninterested in this kind of humor probably won't be converted, and a few might be outright repelled from the horrible scripted bits altogether. Horrible movie was lame walked out on it if I could give zero stars I would Horrible acting and there were hardly any challenges, as seen in the show. It was worse than the film Murry producedout of college. They should have made it R and ramped up the humor. Huge let down. This movie was horrible. I love the TV show but the combination of the TV show mixed in with a crappy movie was horrid. Ugh. Talk about trying too hard. Everything about this was forced. There's very little to recommend about this movie. A dumb plot about redemption for an early 'prank' that involves a road trip, mostly unfunny, with some pranks along the way. Maybe 5 minutes of laughs as you watch and wonder how they could have gone so completely off track. This could of been just on tv ! Should just waited This movie was atrocious. Horrible acting; forced plot...rarely laughed. Very disappointed. Definitely a "jump the shark" moment for them. I am a fan of the show but the movie felt flat with pretty bad acting and a very silly plot line. The movie does have some funny moments centered around what built the show but for most part this road trip takes a detour. Big fan of the show, so naturally was excited to see this movie. It was horrible. I expected the corny story line but did not expect the weak af challenges. They were not up to par to the challenges they do on the show at all. I do not recommend this movie at all. They should have worked better on having the same quality of challenges like the show if not better. Regret wasting my money on this movie. The pranks were great. The story. Line was so stupid and embarrassing. It cost our family 85 to see this and I wish we could get a refund. It was one of the dumbest movies I ever saw and I love the impractical jokers. I love their shows. But this movie doesn’t even deserve half of a star I’m so bummed this wasn’t what we hoped. Plot was awful. Acting was awful. We laughed once the entire movie during the interview scene. The rest was beyond cheesy and a waste of $$. We r huge fans of the show so I’m not sure what happened here. Should’ve just stuck to outrageous pranks only and deaded the corny The movie was a ripoff. 2 funny scenes in the whole movie. The cave, which was released early and the tiger. Everything else was filled with horrible acting and unfunny stuff. 22 dollars I would have spent on ANYTHING ELSE. Idk why the ratings aren't worse on here. Very disappointing. I made a rotten tomatoes account just to rate this waste of money. Come on guys.