What luck, then, that Stella Meghie's film returns to its stronger elements so often.
Revel... in the subtle back-and-forth of becoming smitten, the glances, touches, silences. Think of it as a dance movie, a good one.
The American black experience has been the definition of pain; however, we do experience joy, fun, and love like every other race. We also experience success, and that is silently the most powerful element of The Photograph.
Though the film-makers are indebted to Edward Gorey and Lemony Snicket - and pay musical homage to Mark Mothersbaugh's work on The Royal Tenenbaums - they find their own voice, when it counts.
The Willoughbys, both the movie and the family, sneak up on you in the most welcome of ways.
It's that sort of smart charm that pulls the film forward even when it temporarily falters, keeping up the good cheer until it eventually embraces the kind of feel-good storylines it rejects early on.
The longer the film goes on, the weirder it gets and the more it resembles a sitcom - The Odd Couple in sou'westers, a droll symphony of bodily functions, bubbling friction and all manner of desires that dare not speak their name.
Illuminated by stellar performances from Dafoe and Pattinson, the Lighthouse is a psychological intrigue that will leave audiences baffling, both in a good and bad way, but undeniably evoked by its imagery and seemingly flawless banter and chemistry among its leads
An intricately constructed visual marvel with fantastic lead performances. I'm not convinced the ending works but at least it is as unrelentingly bleak as the rest of the movie.
"Extra Ordinary" is an extraordinarily funny tale about ghostbusting, lonely hearts and moving on. It'll possess you.
Like those cheeky genre-splicing comedies that came before it, the Ahern-Loughman collaboration doesn't merely goose the boundary between charming and outrageous, it gleefully tramples it into oblivion.
Don´t understand the SO high score. It is not bad, but also, I felt like watching a movie with a couple of minutes left ot be finally cooked
This movie was excellent. Goofy, feel-good without being cloying and giving me a fix of Will Forte who I hadn't realized I'd been missing so much since Last Man on Earth ended. It is a great, stress relieving, funny film for these days of social distancing.
No.. no,no,no.. Did I say NO yet? Can you say.. inane? Let's keep it simple: STUPID.. POS.. NEED MORE? No you don't. It is truly awful. The half star is for the few times it made me laugh, and so some equivalent reward is due. Here's how it happened. Using production, they realized this was one irretrievable stinker. The producer said: "Over the top! It's our only salvation. Might fool
Hilarious, heartwarming, will definitely watch again in the future. Worth seeing, for sure.
Despite having a quirky story with quirky characters who say quirky things, this film is a rather ordinary comedy. It's heartfelt and fun to watch, but it doesn't quite earn the "extra" in its title.
This movie is extra ordinary. Holding you captivated from beginning to end, this cinematic marvel is a must see. Get ready to laugh, cry, and also want to watch it again.
I went in with no expectations and without seeing the trailer. I thought it was delightful and funny. Maeve Higgins shines.
This story, about a genuinely good man, is the perfect film for a sports-starved audiences during the quarantine. It is a love story, and it is a story of a quality we do not see very often, decency. 
Hamilton does a great job not only educating us about Kenny's impact on basketball and his career, but also gives us a window into what kind of man he was.
I thought it had a very vivid sense of place... It has some smart dialogue and some very offbeat characters. It is really singular and unique and cool and strange and very ambitious. In its own gentle but sure-eyed way, this movie cuts deliciously deep. 
Which is fine, because the movie's pretty great - not quite "Fargo" with lobsters but close enough, and about as good as regional filmmaking gets. This is a great little L.A. story. It's a great slice of life into a very specific community. The sense of closure is satisfying, but it's missing a charge. Both Circus of Books locations have since closed, but this documentary is a necessary, if incomplete, homage to their influence. People can indeed live at war with themselves and not know it. Here's a case of great things happening once peace is declared. These members of the community reflect on a bygone era with wit and warmth, and the film supports their memories with golden-lit archival footage of the neighborhood in the 1980s. It's a truly fascinating film, a slice of history and deeply personal. Wasn't quite expecting this nugget of a documentary. I was drawn in by the image of Alaska and assumed it was going to be about drag or a comedy. However, I was pleasantly surprised with its content. Explicit and otherwise! It's worth a watch as it's educational and liberating. Excellent documentary. I'd never heard of this story before I really enjoyed it. I was drawn to this movie because it examines freedom of speech, commitment to family, making a living, L.A. history, Judaism and social conformity. The editing is very crisp and inventive. The people and the issues are presented with skill. About 2/3rds of the way through, the film shifts focus from the social, legal and business issues toward inter-family relations and Mom's deep discomfort with her son's sexual preference. At this moment, the film gets bogged-down a bit with a feeling of self-pity. Fortunately, the story picks-up as Mom's perceptions (and her misunderstandings) about Judaism are broadened through study. The children's regrettable lack of interest in Jewish learning is on full display. The Mason's story makes for a very enjoyable and engaging viewing experience. Congrats to the director and everyone involved in the production of this film. There are so many reasons to see this documentary and I don't really want to say anything about it that might turn people away from it--including that it is a documentary--but even if you think you won't like the subjects tackled get through the first 15 minutes and you will be hooked! In fact, don't read this review until after you have seen the film! Karen and Barry Mason, the parents of a girl and 2 boys, owned a famous (or infamous) porn bookstore in West Hollywood for 30 years. Their daughter, Rachel, wrote and directed this film, even showing how uncomfortable her mother was/is on camera, almost as uncomfortable as she was owning the store. No one in her family, or her friends, knew what kind of store she owned only that it was a 'bookstore'. The few times she had to be there when she had the kids they had a strict rule to "don't look around, look down at the floor". Karen is a devout Jew who has a hard time with what her religion teaches her about homosexuality and yet owning a store that main business came from gay residents of the area plus the employees were mostly gay. In one of the most touching scenes, Karen states that a parent has to be the best parent they can be. Another scene between Rachel and her younger brother is so moving that I 'lost' it and had to stop the film for a few minutes. The family, including Barry, acknowledge that Karen 'wears the pants in the family' while Barry is a happy go lucky guy who loves his wife and children and is always there for them. The film covers the legal rights to produce and distribute what is called porn whether in magazines, books or films. At one point Barry is offered a deal in the Ronald Reagan/Ed Meese War on Pornography versus the rights of citizens. AIDS and the Internet also affect the bookstore business while Karen, a mother first, is concerned about her clientele getting sick and/or dying from the former. The story of how they got involved in the bookstore by distributing Larry Flynt's "Hustler" magazine and get caught up in his legal battles but they never back down is interesting. Then there is Jeff Stryker who would make porn movies and the Masons would distribute them who could have a film just about him. Along with Flynt and Stryker, there are interviews of people who worked in the store and how they looked upon Barry and Karen as 'parents'. "Circus of Books" is many things from a 'normal' family owning a business to the dynamics of a family to constitutional rights to being parents to religion to doing what is right, not judging but most of all meeting a family filled with love for each other and a couple, after a long marriage are comfortable with each other, who they are and what they have done. I love the history behind it all .. and the authentic & touching moments of the family.
 I think most people who watch this will think Barry is one of the most adorable people in the world.  A really insightful movie about an important piece of both gay and AMERICAN history that is made all the more special by the fact that the entire documentary was produced by the daughter of the two owners of the Circus of Books store. In her role as director and producer she manages to experts weave this from just another family movie into a poignant piece of filmmaking that discusses homosexuality as it relates to religion, obscenity laws, the HIV/AIDS epidemic, LGBTQ equality, and many more areas of our society. Truly great film about truly great people. Very moving documentary. It gets your hear deeply with an unique no common family story. Swallow is a taut, tight, intense film that is both gripping and entertaining. Hunter is a newly pregnant woman in a seemingly ideal marriage. Her husband is a succesful CEO and they live in a stunning house near New York. But her husband is condescending and controlling. She feels suffocated. One day she swallows a marble. It feels good. A release. Soon she is swallowing more and more objects. This condition is known as pica, it can come from stress. It gives the person a feeling of control. When it goes too far she is rushed to hospital. Her husband and in laws are horrified. This film is about addictive behaviour and the spectre of oppressive marriage. It's an eerie film with dark tones and surprise twists. Haley Bennett is superb as Hunter, there is a both a real vulnerability and strength in her role. There is no fat on this film. It's sharp and clean and holds a strong grip to the end. I wanted to like this but I can never feel for any character who is just such a wet blanket without personality. It improves about 2/3 of the way through, character-wise, but it's too late to save the mediocrity.
 Really great directorial debut. very strong third act. Realistic depiction of a DSM-IV mental disease. debuts in a witty film in his narrative, along with a story full of suspense and intensity, and Haley Bennett is on another level, which, even to me, his performance in Swallow is the best I've ever seen. his filmography, after the movie Thank You For Your Service. thought it was really good and thought provoking. I love the whole atmosphere of the film and the journey our main character goes on to find happiness. It is more than just a film about pica, I feel after a certain point this film breaks up into a whole other movie. But I enjoyed the journey getting there. This Oscar worthy movie is Carlo Mirabella-Davis's masterpiece, showing how our main character Hunter (Haley Bennet) thru desperation resorts to pica to deal with the lack of any control over her life, and thru this pain grows as an independent person. Amazingly written story of triumph, of how a woman went from not being able to even go to the bathroom by herself, to unlocking the pieces of her painful past so she could break away from her oppressive life. You will never see this one coming. Thumbs way up! This film is not about a bird, but about an activity: the urge to consume inedible, even life-threatening items as a woman's way to express her inner desire to escape her cozy, yet overly controlled life. Beautifully shot and well acted, this award-winning film keeps the viewer engaged to the rather surprising end. You won't look at a AA battery the same ever again!
 This movie was SO MUCH MORE than I was expecting it to be! I walked in expecting a hard-to-watch shock movie but that is not what this is at all. It starts out as an interesting and bizarre story that seems surrealistic but develops into something meaningful and powerful. The characters were developed so well and the ending was hopeful in an unexpected way. This necessary reset looks great, but if the 2nd taught us anything, just watch, don't think. real humanity, unprogrammed and flawed, and Paul's performance is a saving grace in this respect. a thrill a second, and ironically, given that it loves a Big Question, it's best enjoyed when not thinking too deeply about the answer. vfirst episode isn't perfect, but it's off to a better start  
By taking the action out of the park, the series just feels like any other science fiction thriller. Gone is the mystery box, gone are the complex twists, and instead we have a show that feels more like something we have seen before many times over. finally firing on all cylinders, and hitting all the right notes.Serves as an education, a reintroduction, and a spiritual reunion for one of the great basketball teams of all time. It is as farcically self-involved as it sounds, but how else would one capture shows the best dances are done with a partner, or in this case, several. You see how his overbearing competitive drive leads to ticks in the win column, and also strains individual relationships along the way. offers the best and most intimate look A stunningly refined and comprehensive look at the legacy and inner turmoil of one of the most essential sports teams of all time. 
The access that the filmmakers have gotten makes this series all the more fascinating to watch. it's a sprawling, detailed dose of '90s nostalgia that scratches itches for both feats of athletic greatness and high drama. That is to say, even if you're not obsessed with basketball, you'll probably find something to love. The footage is such a window into history that it's fairly easy to give the filmmakers a bit of a pass for what's not on screen. these opening hours deliver the goods It is amazing it tells the whole story well-edited, and good directing A heart-wrenching tale. An amazing narrative about how one of the greatest dynasties came to an abrupt end. Awesome to get to see some highlights and history from this era. Especially since I didn't grow up getting to watch it live Unfortunately the next generation will never understand what it meant to watch the greatest athlete alive perform and inspire the next generation. I never got to see the trails and tribulations  so this documentary is perfect in painting the full picture. but this is a superb series. Anyone remotely interested in sports should watch it. Period. Awesome. One of best sports doco's if not the best I've seen  Surely the most electrifying sportsperson of all time. Amazing to see some of the things So interesting and engaging to watch, even though I don't particularly like basketball!!! Amazing! A must watch for any basketball fan You know when you watch something so good you feel like you are there? Well, here it is. I have only seen episode 1, but it was AMAZING, I recommend this to anyone and everyone, you don't have to be a basketball fan. This team was so iconic and to see that they had a life off the court and view the players at a closer level is very intriguing. And the Oscar for best documentary goes to... The Last Dance! Wow Outstanding Tv Show,Amazing Performances I am reminded once again why I love this series. I sat down to watch and ended up marathoning al love how this series is engaging from the very beginning and keeps it exciting to the very end! Brilliant casting, production quality spectacular, script consistency, characters continue to develope well superb acting Big thank you to casting directors All new cast members wonderful! Brilliant show and cast! A must see!  brilliant. Still enjoying how they've adapted it The best movie ever of my life. Destiny is all. beyond my expectations!!!! My heart is still recovering from emotional rollercoaster!!!!! So proud of this show and how the characters have grown!!! The actors are truly amazing and that is do to not only their skill but the bond they all have with each other. Well done everyone!!!!!! DESTINY IS ALL This season was awesome! Great story line and SO much action. The fight scenes this season were done so well! This is by far the best series I've watched. The only show I will watch multiple times a year.   topped my expectations by far! So wonderful how they introduce more characters and how they develop. Absolutely brilliant! INCREDIBLE series!! we binge watched The acting is (you guessed it) INCREDIBLE. The only down side is the wait in between seasons is PAINFUL. You get so vested in the characters- you actually miss them (Or at least I do) I cant stress enough how special this series is- but be warned you get addicted delivers another brilliant season Literally the best show on TV at the moment - thank you Netflix! a show that you can EXPECT the current season to be better than the last!!!! Every season are amazing!!  Go watch it! I LOVE THIS SHOW!!!! it's amazing.  Recommended to watch t's knowingly daft and even minor characters manage to shine. Not bad. Not bad at all. watch it with you again. 
Did anybody ask for this? No, but perhaps we should have. remains a better-than-expected sequel that manages to redeem itself over the bloated and soulless, though technically better they tell you they only have steak tartare. But right now, you want a greasy, fatty whopper. And even if you did want steak tartare, you don't want it made by  it mostly feels like another action film. Not a bad one, but not really anything special apart from connection to a franchise old enough to be a nostalgia-reference to itself. I'm very impressed. Especially for a franchise, being spread this far...this is such a good version, exactly what you're supposed to do, while acknowledging the time passing and taking it in a different direction. The second one is still my favorite in the franchise, but this one is good fun. What never changes is the bulletproof friendship between the two. mostly fun and entertaining. We probably shouldn't ask more of it than that. a silly and entertaining movie that recreates the lost spirit of what action films used to be in the nineties. the first film in the franchise not directed by Bay, is full of heart and packed with characters that are easy to love. 
It does the unthinkable: to convert a saga lacking in imagination or creativity, into something slightly more subtle and exciting.
the third installment of a franchise that we didn't know we wanted but certainly needed.If you're in the mood for non-stop action and silliness, this mindless popcorn movie fits the bill 
A high level spectacle to spend an unbeatable time in a movie theater. 
the belated third film in the action franchise, proves to be something of a blast.fun and a crowd pleaser. The new characters inject some needed freshness into the franchise. Worth the ride but I want to pay half-fare. What You Gonna Do This movie was a big surprise, especially coming out in January. I couldn't believe how much I laughed, from beginning to end. 
January 24, 2020
It's a lot of fun, I'm not one of those people that says to check your brain at the door...don't be stuck up about these types of movies...very enjoyable.
 The third movie in the franchise borrows a lot from the previous two installments, but it manages to inject something new in the form of tender moments The laugh out loud comedic bits are great and are what made the film for me. While this isn't some award-worthy film, it is precisely  promises it to be, a hell of a good time. finally has a decent screenplay to back its two charismatic stars great popcorn flick that looks like it still has momentum for a few more sequels. I was kind of bored when things weren't blowing up but when things are blowing up our cars are chasing I was digging it. might be new to the big-budget filmmaking game, but they do know what they are doing when it comes to causing controlled chaos inside tight turning circles. might not be a great movie in the grander sense, but it is a great example of the kind of movie it seeks to be...fun and absurd in all the right action movie ways, an enjoyable throwback. actual substance in its story, along with mega-tonnes of action? Who'd have thought? While the tone of the previous two movies is largely transformed, what has made the trip fully intact is the most important aspect of success: The chemistry  Despite being the third film in the series, the formula, though cliched at times, still works. It's good to see the Boys back in action in a crowd pleasingly loud, brash slice of escapism. had the best storyline and the best script of the three. hilarious and heartwarming return to the franchise with strong performances leading the way. Ends up surprising. does what it needs to - be fun, funny (the montage mirroring ifestyle is a highlight) and non-committal, non-offensive nonsense.I wouldn't go so far as to call the product fine wine, but a little extra aging seems to have done it no harm. So watcha gonna do? Watching these two hilarious characters navigate middle age is endlessly entertaining, and it serves as a showcase for the talents of both performers. sticks to the commercially successful formula of the first two films - was there every any other option? It was very entertaining. stole the show here. return to the big leagues should be plenty of reason to see the latest entry. ets relegated to a cameo in this long-in-development threequel, but the movie still has the thing that makes the universe worth spending time in: a very, very funny performance from The two stars are still amusing with each other I didn't expect to have so much fun with a franchise I haven't thought about enough well-executed action and dumb humor here to make it worth my while. Livens up what was always a middling movie series reprise their buddy cop roles perfectly in this fun, action-filled and surprisingly emotional third installment. I still think it's definitely worth a watch. Between the vicious knifings, the well-choreographed gun and fist battles, and the literal dropping of cars on people, it dawns that this movie isn't just able garbage but somehow...good? the film receives a welcome actualization. An exemplary action film. It's silly, violent and exactly what it intends to be - great fun. The comedic banter is really great between Will Smith and Martin Lawrence. If you want counter programming, this is great for that. Is the film itself any good? To be honest that is really going to depend on your opinion nevertheless successfully steers the franchise into unexpectedly character-driven territory. character's broadened sensitivity and emotional bandwidth add real maturity to this latest franchise entry. There are a couple of show-stopping action sequences, but fans should prepare to see a softer, gentler side works its magic, for at least a couple of hours. We finally delve into who these guys are beyond machismo. Is it enough to reinvigorate the entire franchise? Probably not. But it was enough to make this chapter worthwhile. may not contain a gripping or dramatic story, but it does contain exactly what it should; exciting action sequences, great humor, and fun performances. The irresistible and perennial chemistry between is the powerful glue that holds this effective action comedy together bring all the right stuff to this long-gestating sequel. All the ridiculousness of a '90s action flick, only without the gay-panic jokes and the gleeful shots of people dying and their corpses being desecrated. Progress! reminds us why we enjoyed these characters in the first place. It very well could be the best in the franchise. Proves that some franchises really are timeless no matter how long the wait for the next installment. This movie feels like it's divided in the middle into two one-hour sections that leave very different impressions. give the men far more dimension...these are characters who must now confront their mortality, notions of faith and the ramifications of past actions. a sequel arriving more than fifteen years later is actually a blast with killer action, big laughs, and real heart.  to my great surprise, is astronomically better. That self-awareness, coupled with lively humor and passable set pieces, make this long-delayed third franchise entry a modest surprise, suggesting there's still some life left in its '90s-era brand of goofy banter and chaotic gunfights.  
In the tradition of best buddy movies, together they're better than they are separately. For me, this movie was better than it had any right to be.
 Don't try to fight it, because the rhythm is gonna get ya. This odd-couple pairing reminds us of what we loved so much about the original. It is just a whole lot of fun to watch! [A] triumph. still have an endearing chemistry that seems to bring out the best in each other. adding little that's new or noteworthy while blowing lots of stuff up. It's here to serve action and comedy in roughly proportionate amounts, with big set pieces that are just thrilling enough to hook you and jokes that are just funny enough for you to hope no one dies. The boys are back and better than ever. The film delivers all the action and humor fans of the genre want, but surprisingly it has a lot of heart too. The passing of time puts some gas into the film's tired engine return without skipping a beat for a thrillingly emotional finale Lost count of the body count mid-movie. Car chases, motorcycle chases, foot chases, gun play, some humor. And there will be a sequel so we likely will have bad boys for life. while somehow updating it to modern-day sensibilities. proves to be a surprisingly pleasant diversion for the reasons its two predecessors found an audience deliver a mostly satisfying coda, paying tribute to the master's kinetic formalism while playing a heavy hand of sentiment that's on brand for a series which has never exactly been subtle. will certainly enjoy seeing the two back together just for old time's sake, even if the jokes aren't what they used to be, and if all you seek are explosions and fist fights, the movie has them but with few new flourishes. then perhaps there is a certain margin for action films that may not be radically different but at least they're more human.  don't appear to have missed a beat, the zippy intimate agency of their chemistry every bit as strong as it has ever been. isn't exactly a ponderous treatise on cop morality or anything, but the film's principle conflicts are genuinely deeper than either of the preceding outings. delivers big time laughs and so much more. revisit these characters and find a sensible place for them in the current Hollywood landscape to find his way to some real laughs, you could do worse. embraces its fun factor that revives the series for old fans and will entertain a new generation. People don't really want to support maverick police work these days ... but the comedy dynamic is still there Moving at an almost breakneck speed Here's an operatic story about death and vengeance, preposterous and filled with clichés, but rather riveting if you enjoy the genre It's dumb, and the action/comedy mix is not entirely successful given the carelessness about collateral damage and the outright carnage.then you will enjoy this third (but almost definitely not final) installment, as it remains as ridiculously over-the-top as the rest of the series  The ending certainly implies there's more gas in the tank for these characters  It might even be the best film of the bunch These two have become downright adorable together.It's fun. There's a strong verve that is completely contagious and will likely help this sequel achieve record-breaking box-office success What did you expect? It is ridiculous. It's meant to be. 
If you've missed big, bombastic, bloody action movies shot with style that lean into their R-rating and rely on cast chemistry rather than solid story then you'll probably
If not, you might still have a blast.Action junkies can rest assured that this stylish, derivative and fitfully fun third outing will at least give them their money's worth in slashed throats, impaled torsos and bullet-riddled bodies. have always had great chemistry together and this installment does nothing to dispel that fact. The demolition levels have been maintained The film treads much more seriously than previous installments. This new film marks the first of what I'm sure will be many useless sequels this year. surprisingly entertaining. The best of the three films, offering in some odd ways a corrective to the prior installments. explosive, thrilling slice of nostalgia that evoked memories isn't thoughtfully written, but for providing a nostalgia-driven laugh at the movies, it doesn't need to be. a solidly made action movie. For once, the laughs make more of an impact than the explosions. There are some nice nods to the duo's advancing age, and their onscreen chemistry (and ability to convince when delivering cheesy lines) is every bit as enjoyable as it was all those years ago. as smart, funny and emotional as this one, maybe we won't be happy to wait A high-spirited, action-packed blowout reunion that plays to the comedic strengths of its two marquee stars while giving them plenty of room to roam, lots of things to blast or blow up and a flowing stream of bickering-buddy humor. The sturdy formula still works, more or less, as does the chemistry between the two stars.you'll want to see how the characters have developed. If you aren't a fan of the series, there is a strong enough story to make the film worthwhile a Pennsylvania highway store: full of explosives and fun. A mildly enjoyable movie that committed fans of the franchise will rate a lot higher… something which would have once seemed inconceivable: quite sweet. Instead, this is comfortably the best entry in the series to date. Which isn't bad. Delivers as a Friday-night actioner, with some smart moves and good banter. An entertaining combination of action, comedy, madness, with one of the most insane third acts I've seen The formula was laid down by its two predecessors Leans just enough on nostalgia and the genre cheese we'd expect to warrant a recommendation for anyone who embraced the bombasticness of the originals. A fun sequel that feels like a logical extension of the franchise, but should make for a proper closure. more of a solid continuation than a prime jumping-on point for new viewers, but longtime fans will likely appreciate seeing feels about the kind of entertainment he spent his career putting into the world. runs just over two hours, which is about the limit for a movie like this, but it packs so much story and character interest into that time that it all flies by. Great action, great fun, great special effects, laughed a ton, but I couldn't help notice a minor disconnect It's really not that bad and about on par with the other two gives these boys a definitive ending. It isn't one fans ever expected, but it's highly watchable. I was more than a little impressed with how things turned out. Both an amusing throwback and a tired retread still has some gas left in the tank  A surprisingly exciting and funny sequel that shows there's still a lot of bullets left in the chamber. These were two characters who, in the past, just seemed "macho." Now, for the first time, they seem human ... I wasn't expecting it, but this movie is an out and out blast.robably a wash, but it ends so well that I now find myself not entirely opposed to the idea of a fourth There's a lot of blood and bullets and chases and snark and music and fighting and sadness and familial love and comedy and nostalgia and action and… It really makes me happy  This film is a damn good time, full stop. Decisively the best of the trio; it actually has a heart, or what passes for one in a gigantic, slam-bang industrial enterprise like this. series manages to age gracefully rather than seeming like an embittered relic. Banter and bullets is the action-movie MO, and the duo at the center of it hardly seem to have to stretch to spread their bickering charm on thick.A retro affair tailor-made for those who adored the action movies of the 1990s. Yes, there are cringe-worthy old-timer jokes aplenty, but after a clunky first half, and a labyrinth of tones both dour and goofy, bring their A game, never letting us feel like they're going through the motions. The marks may be standard issue, but they hit them with with fury and flair. completely asinine story, generic action, predictable plot beats, moronic dialogue and truly reprehensible politics, I still had a good time. creates a potent emotional resonance that more than makes up for the rather thin narrative. the epic lives inside The recreation of the championship game is outstanding, you'll feel the heightened crowd electricity, and see the immense pressure of the players gives an award-worthy performance. It needed to depict the recovery process more. The tried-and-true way back from any addiction is universally about prayer, meditation, cultivating a belief in a Higher Power, and following a series of actions that consistently raise one's moral standard. It's not perfect but definitely worth a watch raw and intimate performance It's not so much a comeback for Affleck, but a reminder of how good he is at acting when he believes the role. character off the hook for his behavior, even as it delves deep into the reasons why he's a sad and broken man There aren't too many good basketball movies, but this one is right up there among the best of them. gives the best performance of his career.  I really enjoyed the movie more than I thought I would. For a movie about a very tragic figure, there were some good laughs draws on his own boozing experiences for authenticity in this somber, simplistic redemption saga. sobering depiction of an alcoholic stumbling along the slow road to recovery and redemption. Movies like this are a dime a dozen and almost always have the same frustrating, formulaic retelling One of those tests to see if the positive elements of a film can overcome clichés.  plays this role in a deeply-felt and convincing manner. own baggage doesn't add an extra layer here, lifting it from a very good sports movie to a great and at times gutting addiction drama. doesn't reinvent the wheel. It doesn't need to, as it's a solid little film that features a brave and vanity-free performance by performance is both devastating and remarkable to watch in this realistic depiction of addiction. spends most of its run time making the difficult decision, and the final few minutes of the film offer a moment of hope that both satisfies and feels at odds with the grounded storytelling of the first two acts. Reasonably entertaining, if predictable. It's great while it lasts but it ends before it ever really hits the kind of crescendo you expect in an underdog sports movie. honesty demands our attention; to witness this work is the least the viewer can do. is the atypical sports drama that focuses more on character than it does on the game. It's a deeply affecting and moving redemption story anchored by an absolutely outstanding performance aren't working towards a buzzer beater in the championship game to metaphorically say everything will be okay. The road is more important. a golden three-point shot. Thoroughly convincing and hitting close to home. Both harrowing and heartfelt When it ended I was asking where's the rest of the movie. A pleasant surprise and conversation piece just as it is a reminder A strong redemption film The movie's parts don't necessarily come together as hoped, but they're still admirable. The film's resolution is more conventionally rousing than what has preceded it. But by that point, it feels as though the characters have earned it. This movie is a really real story; it's very relatable for a lot of people. A generally non-cliché tale of alcoholism and redemption via youth sports that's elevated by strong performances and the power of the unseen. fashions a tale of the redemptive power of sports and purpose and at its core is a near unbearably personal performance   very well done drama and a great high school sports movie. It's a great comeback for The star's topsy-turvy career hits a high note as a high school coach battling for more than a few precious wins. steals your heart; he immerses himself in the role as if the part were written for him own well-documented struggles with alcohol lend some extra weight to his performance, which happens to be some of his best work in front of the camera in years. inverts that trope, reminding us that winning the big game isn't a cure-all. Surprisingly solid and not at all mawkish or maudlin as it might look from the outset. This is probably the best work Despite those momentum-stalling and unnecessary detours, the irresistibly cheer-worthy basketball sequences resonant and authentic performance are more than enough to carry the day. biggest hit, but it's certain to be one of the most significant films on his resume. The actor gives a performance that's raw and real in a way we haven't seen from him before. I will say I like how the director resists the conventional bad times-to-good times story arc. Life does not run in a straight, upward line It rarely dips into the mawkish, instead offering a quiet, stolid vision of one man's road to recovery also does something incredibly rare. This offering ends up having no problem getting you to root for all of the underdogs, players and the coach alike It's a gritty and sometimes ugly look at a segment of a messy and conflicted man's life, and it's not based on an inspiring true story, which somehow makes it feel more real. If it’s an inspiring, heart-warming, feel good film you seek, you might want to look in another direction. But if it’s a gut-wrenching look at the human condition, that is not without its bright shining moments, this one’s for you. will undoubtedly become a cable or streaming staple after it leaves theaters and the consensus will always be the strength the reason to see the movie and this is the reminder of how great he is as an actor. does fine, sensitive work in this role, seemingly attuned to the routines and comforts of alcoholism. The movie is both enhanced and limited by his star power. Sports movies are always emotional, and this does make you feel good. They got it right in the end, so stick with it all the way through, and you'll be fine. best performance in years and he serves it neat, straight up with no chaser. all-in, and the result is his best performance in years.has ever been on-screen, and it's also easily one of the best films of 2020 thus far has never been better in this haunting performance that was nothing short of stunning. powerful performance being a driving force. The movie works quite well on its own, understated and willing to embody genre tropes while quietly subverting them commitment to the role of Jack, or the subtlety and sincerity with which he plays it.A familiar but satisfying take on the redemption story strengthened by the palpable pain of its onscreen protagonist. extremely familiar in some ways, but its best moments are found in the little shake-ups of genre and creative choices found here and there. a pretty strong sports movie, but it's more of a character study. might not be an instant classic, but it is a sobering spin on hopelessness and despair and finding the way forward. Some of the tropes you'd expect to see play out in either a story of personal redemption or sporting triumph are missing, and in their place are well earned events that better serve... a familiar narrative. A story about second chances, redemption, and renewal; the path back to life after descending to the depths. I couldn't help but notice the goosebumps covering my arms when the music swelled. It's not your typical sports movie full of larger than life heroes and tension-inducing countdowns. Instead what we get is a character study that feels so personal we can forgive its weaker elements. balances all this aggressive signaling with an ultimately deeply human story about love, loss, grief and recovery-something   spikes our expectations, surprises with its own emphasis and semi-autobiographical for me. I liked it but am disappointed. I wanted to love it. it only barely pays off. You see it coming a mile away yet remain utterly mesmerized by the mechanics at work. the inescapable battle here is between Jack and the bottle.Blends the beats of two familiar genres, the underdog sports movie and the addiction and recovery movie, in the process finding a rhythm that feels at once familiar and not quite like anything I've seen before. but the script doesn't allow him to express anything particularly new or insightful about alcohol addiction There is a degree of predictability to the film [though] it doesn't detract from the honest quality of the film or from the veracity of the things it has to say about self-control, self-awareness and self-respect - those three things alcohol robs you of. deeply felt portrayal is nothing less than atonement in action. For every scene that feels like part of a checklist of sports movie clichés ... there's a moment of human fallibility and ugliness that rings true.  sincere and moving performance gives it an edge towards victory aAsolid drama with the additional interest factor of the parallels between the actor and the role. The way back isn't the movie you're expecting...it's better. performance turns a standard-issue underdog story into something more melancholy and meaningful.owns the role. He plays it with the subtlety of a character actor and the coiled ferocity of the star he has always been, through good roles and bad. elevates a rather perfunctory story into a genuinely moving drama that might make you want to wipe away a tear or two. but after watching it, you feel pretty good. who has, hopefully, found a degree of peace and closure from acting out his demons on screen does find its own way to express character from within its limiting narrative context. digs deep in arguably his best work since ARGO course corrects in a big way towards the end, as the movie careens past its expected destination and into a gracefully subdued fourth act that reaffirms the underlying truthfulness of this story. turns out to be the perfect way back on-screen for has been such a major figure in tabloid culture that a) the lines between his real life and his cinematic one have gradually gotten fuzzier and b) the ongoing turmoil in his personal life has made it easy to forget he can still be extraordinary. no means a perfect movie. well and truly on track for the right destination.